In the previous lecture we have been talking about how to use carrots in order to create an hour.
And that for and basically.
So all we have to instantiate SIKMA and show and then we can order as many hidden layers as we want.
We don't have to define the input layer explicitly.
We defined a number of nations in the input layer with the help of the input to them in the first hidden
layer.
OK these are the hidden layers and we have a single output layer as usual.
So let's talk about this model that compile where we can define the last function where we can define
the optimizer and the metrics.
OK so those functions can be for example mean square error or negative log likelihood for classification
problem.
So what does this mean square error or Exactly.
First of all a last function to measure is how close they are given.
Now we're on a network to the ideal toward which it is training.
OK we have several options such as the main square or last function or negative log likelihood loss
function.
As far as mean square error is concern we just have to use this formula.
So we just have to sum up the differences between the actual values present in the data set and the
predictions made by the network network y minus Y prime.
We have to square it.
We have to sum them up and we have to calculate the mean.
So that's why we can divide by and the sum of all the differences.
This is how we calculate means squared error.
And this is what we are going to use when dealing with the X or logical problem.
Of course during the iteration the value of the last function is going to decrease.
As you can see in the last iteration the last function value is 0 0 5 approximately.
And if we take a look at a previous iteration Okay it is a bit higher.
So the last function value is going to decrease during the training procedure.
Then we have an optimizer and usually we use the Adam optimizer or the Adam updater.
There's a good documentation on a deep learning for j dot org slash updater.
Ok deep learning for J is for Java.
But basically these algorithms are the same no matter what we are dealing with.
Java Python carious cans or flow or whatever.
These algorithms are the same.
So we have Distel the gradient descent algorithm that's going to Aberdare the educates.
So these theta values are the double you educate as you can see for still has the gradient descent.
We just have a single paramita are the alpha and we are going to update D-W educates based on the gradient.
OK so alpha is the learning rate.
If our So is small than the algorithm is going to be slow.
If Alpha is high then the algorithm will be fast but not going to be accurate.
So was the problem which still has degraded in the sense that the updater take small steps but those
steps zigzag back and forth on their way to an error or many of them.
So as you can see if we just use simple still has the gradient the sand will be as for learning grade
exclusively.
Dan the training procedure is going to be something like this.
So the algorithm is not going to be as stable as possible.
That's why we should use momentum if we use the momentum then the training procedure is going to be
very smooth.
As you can see and that's why using momentum is an order updater or another optimizer.
OK there are other optimizers such as at a grad or RMX prop so added great regret skilless out for each
paramita.
According to the history of the gradient so the previous stops which means that these are adaptive algorithms.
The math is changing in the course of the training procedure.
So when the gradient is large our is reduced and vice versa.
Then we have our M-S prop where we had a G.T. term that's calculated by exponentially decaying the average
and not the sum of the gradients and basically Adam optimizer combines both at a grad and RMX prop in
the sense that these are the equations we have to use in order to update the double you educate.
OK here in this article These are the theta values.
But this is how we can update the given educates.
What's very important that for atom optimizer we are going to assign a given learning grade to every
single educate.
So we are going to handle all the W educates independently.
OK so it uses first order moment.
These are the values and second order moments.
These are the G values and the steps size will decrease as we approach to the air or meaning.
So in that sense it is an adaptive algorithm as well.
So this atom optimizer is working fine for most of the cases.
That's why we use Adam as the optimizer means square there or as the last function and the metrics is
the binary accuracy.
So if you take a look at the documentation of course the metrics is a function that is used to judge
the performance of your model so we can define a binary accuracy that calculates the mean accuracy rate
across all predictions for a binary classification problems.
Here we are dealing with a binary classification problem because the solution can be either 0 or a warm.
So the target for your bullets are zeros and ones as you can see.
OK we are going to use categorical accuracy when dealing with multiclass classification problems.
For example when dealing with hand with 10 digit classification where we have 10 output Klosters 0 1
2 up to 9.
So in those cases we have to use categorical accuracy.
But now we are dealing with binary classes.
That's why we use binary accuracy.
OK.
In the next lecture we are going to run the algorithm.
Thanks for watching.